Mr. before pretending
Please pay your bills first
It turned out to be a big one.
Watch how I play
Ok, I can give you WeChat.
Pay the whole restaurant for me first
If you can't do it, get out
Don't affect my eating
It's ok.
Sir, you want to invite the whole restaurant to dinner
No 100,000 can't get down
I'll give you 200,000
Really 200,000
Hey, who ordered this?
You have to fix this bad habit.
You can still eat lobster
A lobster for every client in this room
Three wives
Eat one and pack one.
Make a lobster sauce
Okay
beautiful woman
Can I add WeChat this time?
It's not over yet.
Didn't you say you want to help me spend for a day?
Come with me, don't be cowardly when the time comes
I'm afraid
I wish you would spend more money to brush money for me.
This is the highest area of Haicheng
Don't you want to cover my consumption?
I'm going to wrap it up
Yuncheng